Netlify Build plugin 11ty - A build plugin to integrate Eleventy seamlessly with
Netlify.

# Install

Install plugin via npm as dependency

**Note**: Till https://github.com/11ty/eleventy-img/pull/116 is merged,
[this fork](https://github.com/zeroby0/eleventy-img/tree/cache) has to be used instead of `@11ty/eleventy-img`

```
npm install zeroby0/netlify-plugin-11ty
npm uninstall @11ty/eleventy-img
npm install zeroby0/eleventy-img#cache
```

And add to your `netlify.toml` file

```toml
[[plugins]]
    package = "netlify-plugin-11ty"
```

# configuration

Optionally, you can configure the plugin to match you project's needs.

**Example**:

```toml
[[plugins]]
    package = "netlify-plugin-11ty"
    [plugins.inputs]
        cache_img = './img'
        cache_img_httpHeader = true

        cache_assets = '../.cache'
        cache_other = []
```

The following `inputs` options are available:

#### cache_img

Type: `string` or `Array of strings` Default: `'./img'` (relative to the publish
directory)

The folder(s) in which files generated by `@11ty/eleventy-img` are stored,
relative to publish directory. Can be a string or an array of strings.

If set to `false`, files generated by `@11ty/eleventy-img` are not saved in
Netlify cache.

#### cache_img_httpHeader

Type: boolean Default: `true`

If set to `true`, a files generated by `@11ty/eleventy-img` will be served with
http header `cache-control: public, max-age=31536000, immutable`.

This should be safe to do as the file names have a hash calculated using file
content and Sharp Options.

#### cache_assets

Type: `string` or `Array of strings` Default: `'../.cache'` (relative to the
publish directory)

The folder(s) in which remote assets fetched by `@11ty/eleventy-cache-assets`
are cached, relative to publish directory. Can be a string or an array of
strings.

If set to `false`, assets fetched by `@11ty/eleventy-cache-assets` are not saved
in Netlify cache.

#### cache_other

Type: `string` or `Array of strings` Default: `[]` (relative to the publish
directory)

Any other folder(s) you'd like to cache across Netlify builds. If these folders
exist before restoring Nelify cache, they will be replaced with cached folders.
